(Episode 20)
Why did you come so late?
I missed you so much.
Men are animals.
What? Why am I...
It's Hyang Mi, not her!
You're hugging Hyang Mi!
Goodness!
Prosecutor Jung... I mean...
Should I call you Jae Chan now?
No, Hyang... Hyang Mi.
I'm sorry I'm late.
I didn't know you were
waiting for me.
I think she's misunderstanding...
Hyang Mi, look around. Get away
from him.
You don't know anything. Hold on.
We know! Get away from him!
Let go of me. It hurts!
Hong Joo! This is a total
misunderstanding. You know, right?
A misunderstanding?
Hong Joo.
You're Hyang Mi, right?
My apologies.
My mother said...
misunderstandings occur when
people lack understanding.
Today's misunderstanding occurred
only because Jae Chan...
and I lack understanding.
This kind of situation will never...
happen again, and we'll work hard
on that.
Please let go of any grudges and
your arms too.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Why did you do something
you're sorry for?
Yes, why did he...
Let's leave these two alone.
Are you Nam Hong Joo from
the Hong Joo Samgyeopsal?
Yes, I am.
Is this scarf yours, Hyang mi?
She's totally beautiful...
and very intelligent.
A total femme fatale style.
Here you go.
Thank you.
She's finally here to see him.
Let's get going.
Please get well soon.
- Let's go now.
- I don't care if you get well.
- Thank you for coming.
- Let's go.
- Thank you so much.
Thanks again.
Turn around and just walk.
You two look like twins
from the back.
Or I guess I'm still recovering
from the operation.
I still see and hear things.
That's enough.
The more you give excuses,
the worse it gets.
Okay.
Did you get the ring?
- Yes.
- I also put in the note you wrote.
Did you read it?
I wrote the note?
You wrote it to me 13 years ago.
Don't you remember?
We've met before? 13 years ago?
Your father was killed because
of a soldier who ran away, right?
Yes.
I also lost my father because of
a runaway soldier.
And we met at the same
funeral site.
You really don't remember?
Well, I'm not sure.
Do you remember me?
Yes, I remember you.
I don't even remember things from
a month ago.
How can I remember things from
13 years ago?
It'd be weird if I remember it.
But you said you remember when
I was in the ICU.
I never went to the ICU.
No way. I saw you.
Jae Chan, you might have
just seen things.
People see things
right after the operation.
Maybe you did the same.
I'm sorry I don't remember.
Are you not sleepy?
Do you remember Chestnut?
That boy you saw at Dad's funeral?
Yes.
That Chestnut...
was Nam Hong Joo.
You said Chestnut was a boy.
I was wrong.
Does Hong Joo know this too?
That you've met her before?
Yes, she knows.
- But she doesn't know.
- What does that mean?
She said she doesn't remember
because it's been too long.
How can she forget that?
Is it even possible?
But you said it was only one day.
It's possible she doesn't remember.
But I remember every minute and
second from that day.
Maybe it meant nothing to her.
It's not that it's nothing,
but maybe Hong Joo's
memory is just bad.
- Seung Won.
- Yes?
Turn off the light.
I'll get some sleep.
Why didn't you tell me this
before I sat down?
(Seogu University Hospital)
Is Yoo Man Ho admitted here?
May I help you?
I'm Prosecutor Jung from Hangang
District Prosecutors' Office.
I have something to tell
Yoo Man Ho.
Yoo Man Ho's prosecutor is
Prosecutor Shin.
I'm in the same division with her.
We went to the same school.
You have to show your ID.
Nobody will believe you
if you just say it.
Who are you?
Impersonating a prosecutor can
lead you to scary results.
You can be put in jail for up to
3 years or charged a fine of...
7,000 dollars. Don't you know that?
Of course I know. That's...
Criminal Law Article 128.
It's Article 118.
Right, it's Article 118.
Of course I know it.
You are impersonating!
What kind of a prosecutor
doesn't know it?
You little...
Can I see him if his prosecutor
comes here?
- Yes, sir.
- Right.
(Prosecutor Shin)
Hello, Prosecutor Shin?
This is Prosecutor Jung.
I know it's you. You don't
have to say it so loudly.
You haven't forgotten, right?
I wanted to speak to Yoo Man Ho.
I know, I know. I'll visit you when
my work is over. Hang up now.
Please come! I'm sorry
I took your time. I'm really sorry.
I said, I know.
He shouldn't be doing this
if he knows he's sorry.
That's exactly what I mean.
Why does he do things he'd be sorry
for? Why?
Why? Why? Why?
So it's true. She's shallow like
you said. She turned her back.
Wait and see.
She'll fall in love with him again.
(Prosecutor Lee Ji Kwang)
Yes, Prosecutor Lee?
Hyang Mi, I'm visiting
Prosecutor Jung.
Do you know the number of
his room he's admitted?
I don't know! I don't work for
Prosecutor Jung anymore.
I'm working for Prosecutor Shin,
okay?
Does she have to be so mean?
How do I find him?
It's Ms. Son! Ms. Son!
Ms. Son! Ms. Son!
Ms. Son!
Look who's here.
I didn't expect to see you here.
Didn't you hear me calling you?
No, I didn't hear anything.
What brought you here?
What do you mean?
I came to visit Jae Chan.
Aren't you visiting him too?
I'm here because...
Mother!
- Chan Woo.
- Is he your son?
Yes, he is. Chan Woo, say hello.
He's my colleague who works...
Hello, Prosecutor Lee. I've heard
a lot about you.
You're a smart boy!
By the way, is he sick?
He has chronic renal failure.
He passed out from anemia when he
was eight, so we checked up on him.
They told me he had kidney failure.
He went through dialysis
for 3 to 4 times a week.
It got worse lately, so he has to
go through that every day.
We're waiting for transplants
because that's the only way.
It's quite rough.
I didn't know this because
you never told me.
Before, when it rained,
I used to think,
"Oh, no. I just washed my car."
"Did I bring my umbrella?"
Those things were what I thought.
But now that my son is sick,
do you know what I think?
"There must be many car accidents
because it's raining hard."
"By any chance, will there be anyone
who can transplant a kidney..."
"to my son among the dead?"
I wish those things as I watch rain.
The sound of ambulance means
someone is hurt.
This could be a horrible tragedy
for someone else.
But for people like us,
it makes us have hope even if
it's just a faint one.
I know I'm horrible.
No, you're not.
You're not horrible.
You heard nothing from me.
I don't want to think of such
things even at work.
Sure. I won't say anything.
Sir.
Weren't you in the ICU recently
due to a gun shot?
Yes.
This was on the floor near your bed.
It's an earring.
Are you trying to play with me?
I'm eating horrible food here.
Oh, right. I couldn't think of that.
Should I eat it outside?
Just have it here,
so I can at least smell it.
Here. You can smell it all you want.
Come on.
What? You said you
wanted to smell it.
Oh, right.
Is this yours, Hong Joo?
Where did you find it?
I've been looking for it everywhere.
It was on the floor of the ICU.
Why are you lying to me?
You came to see me at the ICU
when my operation was over, right?
What is this?
Are you investigating me?
You remember everything from
13 years ago, right?
You remember everything including
Chestnut and the reservoir, right?
I'm thirsty. I'll go get some water.
Don't run away, and tell me now.
You're making me think I saw
things due to my operation.
I remember everything so clearly.
You said it yourself that
you remember that day.
Why are you avoiding it?
Why do you act like you
don't remember anything?
I remember it.
How can I forget you?
You're the person who was with
me on the saddest day of my life.
You're the one who created the day
I want to forget the most.
Why would you want to
forget about the day?
I...
I almost killed you that day.
What are you saying?
You saved me that day.
I hesitated.
I had a horrible thought
for a very short time.
I was so mad at the guy.
I thought...
it wouldn't really matter
if you died with him.
Wake up! Please!
It was horrible for me
when you got out of the water.
I thought...
I killed a person.
My hands are trembling thinking
of what happened that day.
I know my excuses
don't really work.
But I lost someone whom
I really love.
His absence was too big for me.
I couldn't stand that.
So I filled his absence with
my anger.
The regrets remained with me
like some scars.
You 13 years ago...
is a scar to me.
A very deep wound.
I'm sorry.
I thought it would be okay
if I acted like I don't remember.
But seeing how it hurts me so much,
I guess I was wrong.
[Kocowa Ver] E20 While You Were Sleeping "A boy meets a girl"
-= Ruo Xi =-
What is it?
Why didn't you pick up the call?
What brought you here?
You told me to come over.
You said you want to see Yoo Man Ho.
Right! I forgot about that. Hey...
Let me go fetch my notes.
You've written so much. Are you
going to tell him all that?
Yes, I am.
Don't go too far. He's about to die.
Mr. Yoo Man Ho.
I'm Prosecutor Jung,
who was in charge of
your daughter's murder case.
I'm here to clarify the things you
got wrong about the investigation.
But I lost someone whom
I really love.
His absence was too big for me.
I couldn't stand that.
So I filled his absence with
my anger.
The regrets remained with me
like some scars.
Mr. Yoo.
I know why you were so upset.
Someone killed your beautiful and
precious daughter out of anger.
You couldn't understand that.
So you must have hated Do Hak Young.
You must have also hated me for
setting that man free.
I understand why you were upset.
I have met many people around
Yoo Su Kyung for this case.
Everyone around her praised,
respected, and loved her.
Su Kyung is such an honest girl
that she doesn't need the laws.
Yoo Su Kyung gave me her autograph.
She never refused any of my
autograph requests.
Please have it.
Thank you so much.
She always gave me something
to drink whenever I visited.
She was a nice person.
Even the prime suspect,
Do Hak Young,
said your daughter was nice.
This was the most crucial
evidence that she was not killed.
I had to tell you this.
I hoped you wouldn't misunderstand
your daughter who was really nice.
She wasn't someone that would
make others resentful.
Prosecutor Jung.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm sorry.
I know my apology doesn't mean much.
But I'm...
really sorry.
That note.
May I read it?
I want to read it all slowly.
I've only heard things
from Lawyer Lee.
Now I want to know
what your thoughts are.
Sure.
Thank you so much for saying...
that my daughter is nice.
No worries.
Thank you for coming today.
Why did you change your
attitude towards them?
What attitude?
You wanted to accuse him
and ask things.
Why did you suddenly soften up?
I just thought...
I'm not better than anyone.
What are you saying?
What are you doing?
What are you doing!
Prosecutor Jung!
Hey, Jae Chan!
Sir, I'm sorry, but could you go
to Seogu University Hospital?
Sure.
(Little Pup)
- Hong Joo.
- Are you crazy?
Why did you come out like this?
Get back inside.
Visiting hour is over.
Are you here to see me?
You're were going out to find me.
It's raining.
You didn't even know where I was.
Did you see me in your dream?
Yes, I saw you in my dream.
You got soaked by the rain
when you're so sick.
You were lost.
You were out of your mind
in my dream.
You had fever, and
your wounds were infected.
But you were foolishly looking
for me in the rain.
Hong Joo.
Hong Joo!
So? Did I end up finding you
in your dream?
Yes, you did.
But you were half dead.
Jae Chan.
Jae Chan!
(You and I get to meet each other
no matter what happens.)
What did I say when I found you?
Did you hear that too?
You felt the same way as I did...
13 years ago.
I was just like you.
But I wasn't being honest.
What do you mean?
I hesitated too.
Save that man and me.
Save both of us...
if you don't want to regret.
I trust you will save us.
When I ran into water to save
the man,
I also hesitated
for a very short time.
Should I just get out?
I was also very upset...
like you that time.
You said in my dream that
you were angry like I was.
You were fighting with yourself...
It was really tough.
I was like you too.
It was a scar for me too.
So I tried forgetting about it,
but I got reminded because of you.
But in the end, we made the
decision.
That we should not cross any lines.
I ran into the water, and
you pulled the rope.
I saved the police man,
and you saved me.
So? Did I say like this
in your dream?
And then you...
told me not to avoid anything.
You told me not to run away.
You also told me not to disappear
when you're looking for me.
So how do you reply in your dream?
It's so good to see you again,
Hong Joo.
Nice to see you again.
Jung Jae Chan.